Use Case 1. Tracking Vechiles with GPS
Goal: to track vehicles in case of emergency rescue 
Primary actor: Service worker (human)
Secondary actor: GPS satellite 
Precondition: The vehicle is started 
Trigger: User clicks on GPS icon 
Flow of events: 
1.	User enters login details 
2. The system is logged in 
3. The user clicks on vehicle in use

Extensions:
2A 
1. User inputs wrong password 
2. Use Case starts at use case 1







Use Case 2. Parking Wind turbines (Engineer)
Goal: To put the turbine in park to prevent damage in blizzards 
Priamry actor: Engineer(human) 
Secondary actor: Wind turbine
Preconditon: Engineer must have permission to operate controls turbine
Trigger: Engineer logs into machine 
Flow of Events: 
1.	Engineer enters the system 
2.	Engineer selects the turbine controller 
3.	The system showcases an option for parking turbine 
4.	Engineer clicks park option 
5.	The system input returns a function to the turbine  
6.	Turbine reads it and acts on it 
7.	System returns back message to say the turbine is parked
8.	Engineer checks to see if it parked 
9.	The system is logged out after finished with activity. 
Extensions:
4A 
1. system unable to register click on button option 
2. Use case starts at 3 after being refreshed 

Use Case 3. User login authentication  
Goal: to allow a user to login into a system  
primary actor: Scientist (human) 
Secondary actor: Database 
Precondition: The user has not yet entered login details 
Trigger: User inputs login details 
Flow of events:
1.	User enters username 
2.	User enters password 
3.	System identifies user in the database 
4.	User is asked questions for further authentication 
5.	User answers the questions 
6.	The system checks the answer 
7.	User is successfully logged in 
Extensions:
2A – The user password was incorrect 
1.	The system notifies the user to re—enter the password and username 
2.	The use case resumes at step 1 
5A – The system detects incorrect answer for authentication 
1.	The system notifies the user 
2.	The use case ends 
